All week, I’ve been wondering about Donald Trump’s hands. Yes, those hands, though not in that way. What have they been doing each night during prime time? Does he have full command of both thumbs and those eight — let us, for the moment, stipulate — normal-size fingers?The Trump campaign has famously been understaffed. Still, might there possibly be a senior … handler whose sole duty each night is to snatch the Republican nominee’s cellphone at the sign of his Twitter fingers twitching? Someone to intervene before he goes digitally nuclear? Because he’s been known to do that.Day 1, after the Bernie Sanders delegate mutiny was subdued, Trump tweeted a few fistfuls of salt to rub in the wounds. (“Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution … totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton.”) Mid-evening, he went all mean girl on Elizabeth Warren: “Pocahontas … spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated.” Then silence, of an ominous sort. Could he possibly have been as mesmerized by Michelle Obama as the crowd inside the Wells Fargo Center? Almost an hour elapsed. Even when Mrs. Obama took dead aim, “The issues a president faces are not black and white, and cannot be boiled down into 140 characters” — still nothing. I envisioned him sequestered in Trump Tower, handcuffed to the arms of his faux Louis XIV ormolu throne. (“For your own safety, Mr. Trump,” the handler whispered.) The cuffs finally came off, but only for a final swipe at Bernie Sanders. He was done for the night. After a massage and cold-cream application, the handler gave him his silk sleeping gloves. It turned out Mr. Trump was actually in North Carolina, where the following day he told a Veterans of Foreign Wars convention audience: “We will create a private White House hotline to field complaints about the Veterans Administration. This could keep me very busy at night, folks. This could take the place of Twitter.” Though not, nota bene, “so fast your head will spin.” The key word was “could.” That afternoon, Bernie Sanders, microphone in hand, said, “I move that Hillary Clinton be selected as the nominee of the Democratic Party for president of the United States.” As the evening proceedings got underway, Mr. Trump struck a Twitter tone more petulant than savage. Unaware that Bill Clinton would be telling an ultimately not-so-shaggy-dog story about a “girl” he once saw in a library, he pre-emptively reviewed it: “No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated.” Anything else? “I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!” A minority opinion. That night, Trump barely slept. He was at it at 12:01 a.m. and then again started at dawn: (“Crooked Hillary … failing @nytimes … Putin said ‘Trump is a genius’ … Crooked Hillary” — again — “… flood our country with Syrian immigrants … Our not very bright vice president, Joe Biden …)” For the rest of the day his hands were full with the fallout from his invitation to Vladimir Putin to join his cabinet. Which perhaps accounts for his failure to offer any specific critiques of President Obama’s Night 3 valedictory/paean to Hillary Clinton. No matter, other Republicans stepped in. On MSNBC, Nicolle Wallace, a senior adviser to John McCain’s presidential campaign, said: “President Obama made the case against Trumpism. He made the definitive case.” Her fellow commentator Steve Schmidt, who was a senior adviser both for Mr. McCain’s campaign and for George W. Bush in 2004, concurred. “A master class in American character,” Schmidt said. “His attacks on Donald Trump from a character basis were shattering.” Tonight, Hillary Clinton — or, for those who must, “Crooked Hillary” — will step forward to deliver an acceptance speech brimming with optimism, the antithesis of Mr. Trump’s “midnight in America” harangue in Cleveland. From @realdonaldtrump, the chivalry will surely flow. The world will be watching. As will he, with both hands